Prelude
=======
You must learn how to survive in the Over World. You can't harvest everything you must have to proper tools. You will need a farm, and learn how to cook.




Witch's Seeds
-------------

Tasks:
 1. Collect these magic seeds

Text:
 1. Hoe dirt till you find Mandrake Seeds, Belladonna Seeds, Snowbell Seeds and Water Artichoke Seeds.

A Bed don't look under it.
---------------------------------
Odd how sleeping keeps monsters from appearing.

Tasks:
 1. Craft a bed


 Rawhide
 -------
 Animals will drop their Rawhide, you will have to treat it to make leather.

 Task:
  1. Detection Task

 Tanning Rack
 ------------
 A Tanning Rack is a simple machine. Place rawhide on each side and wait. There is no way of speeding up this process.
 However with some ingenuity you could automate the process of placing rawhide, and removing leather.

 Task:
  1. Detection Task


 Leather Tunic
 -------------
 Armor is the key to survival. You will need better armor, but this will do.


 Linen String
 ------------
 Often you can use Linen String as an replacement for Spider String.

 Task:
  1. Collect Grass
  2. Craft Linen String

 Basic Back Pack
 ---------------
 A backpack to hold all your stuff.

 Task:
  1. Collect the materials
  2. Craft a Basic Back Pack


  Backpack Upgrades
  -----------------
  Your backpack can be upgraded with more functionality.
  To apply a backpack upgrade place the upgrade with the backpack in a crafting grid.

  Task:
   1. Craft Upgrade Cores
   2. Crafting task

  Text:
   1. n/a
   2. Hold shift to learn more about these backpack upgrades.  


   Saddle your exptations
   ----------------------
   Walking around is slow and tiresome, you should craft a Saddle and find yourself a horse.

   Task:
    1. Craft a Saddle
    2. Craft some leads

   Text:
    1. A Saddle is made from leather and Wool or Cloth.
    2. Leads are made from just String.



Collect gravel
--------------
Wood will splinter, and Stone is heavy. Flint is a superior material to make tools from.
You can find Flint in gravel. Or you can craft three gavel into one flint.



Tasks:
 1. Collect 27 Gravel
 2. Have 9 Flint


Flint Pickaxe
-------------
A Flint Pickaxe has the same harvest as Stone. You will need it to harvest Tin and Copper. Flint lasts much longer then Stone or Wood, but less then any metal.

Tasks:
 1. Craft Flint Pickaxe.



A Furnace to Smelt with
-----------------------

Collect plenty of stones to craft 4 compressed cobblestone. Then craft a Furnace.

Tasks:
 1. Collect Cobblestone
 2. Craft 4 Compressed Cobblestone
 3. Craft a Furnace

 Composting your Future| Compost Bin
 -----------------------------------

 Compost is great stuff, you can use it like bonemeal. Although it is 30% less efficient then Bone meal.

 Tasks:
   1. Craft a Compost Bin
   2. Compost 8 items
   3. Craft garden soil

 Text:
   2. Place extra seeds and saplings in the Compost Bin. Slowly these will turn into compost. It takes 8 items to make 1 compost.
   3. Starting out your best use of compost is to make garden soil. Tilled Garden Soil does not require water, for crops to grow.
 However there are some crops there just will not grow in garden soil.

I hope you like Stew | Clay Pan
-------------------------------

  To make a meal you are going to have to cook those raw crops. Once you have crafted a Clay Pan, place it on top of a furnace, or open flame.


  Tasks:
    1. Craft a clay pan.


  Text:
    1. You will need harden clay, and bricks. First craft a medium clay flower pot. Then use one to craft a clay pan.



Mind your table manners | Chopsticks Holder
-----------------------
A cultured person like yourself uses Chopsticks.
After you place the Chopsticks Holder, you can right click it to take a pair of Chop Sticks out of it.
To eat foods from the Mod Apple Milk and Tea, you will need to place the food item in the world. And using a chip stick, click on it. Having a beverage to drink will complete your meal.

Tasks:
 1. Craft Chopsticks Holder.


Less is Grater then More |Grater
-------------------------
A food grater is used to Mince ingredients to prepare then to be cooked.

tasks:
 1. Craft wooden grater.
 2. Craft Simple Stew ingredients.
 3. Cooking a Stew.


text:
 2. Simple Stew is made by placing a grater in the crafting grid with 2 Potatoes and 2 Carrots. You will get ingredients for a simple stew, and the Grater back.
 3. Right click on the Clay Pan with ingredients in hand. Next use bowls on the Clay Pan to get a serving of stew.


Bowl Rack
---------
A bowl rack is a great place to keep your bowls after you have used them.

Mushroom Soup
-------------

Simple Stew
-----------

Meaty Stew
-----------




Hammer Time
-----------
Stone hammers are the first in a long line of Mining Hammers. Hammers will break a 3 by 3 group of blocks. They also place a torch from anywhere in your inventory, when you right click.

Tasks:
 1. Craft a Stone Hammer


Seeds of your growth | Flint Hoe
--------------------------------
Clearly you need seeds to make a farm.

Tasks:
  1. Craft a Flint Hoe, Hidden.
  2. Collect seeds

Text:
  2. Away from water sources, Use a Flint Hoe on grass. This may uncover seeds.
  Collect Potato, Carrot, Hemp


Tin
---
Tin is most used as a component of machines. Tin can be found around height 60, ±12 meters, in long narrow veins, centered around a Mother lode of ore.

Tasks:
 1. Collect 3 Tin Ore.


Copper
------
Copper can be used to craft tools that will last much longer then Flint tools. Copper Ore is found around height 48, ±16 meters, in long narrow veins, centered around a Mother lode of ore.

Tasks:
 1. Collect 9 Copper ore.


Aluminum Ore
------------

Aluminum is another metal used mostly in building machines. The stone furnace does a poor job of smelting Aluminum. Other means of extracting this ore will yield more ingots. You will find Aluminum Ore around height 94, ±34 meters. Medium mother lodes with 2-4 horizontal veins.

Tasks:
 1. Collect 3 Aluminum ore.



   Growing Crops|Watering Can
   --------------------------

   Crops grow faster if you water them.

   Task:
    1. Craft a Watering Can

   Text:
    1. You will need to fill the Watering Can with water by right click it on water.




Copper Shears
-------------

With shears you can collect grass, leaves and wool.



A Chest for your stuff
----------------------
Wood chests are but the first means of storing your stuff.


Saddled with work
-----------------
Who wants to walk everywhere you should saddle one of these horses and explore afar.


Wish for a Horse of your own
----------------------------
Can't find any horses? There is this cantrip that will create a horse.


Place to keep your Armor
------------------------
This armor stand store your armor, just right click to swap a piece. If it powered redstone is placed under it, it will swap all of your armor when you right click.


New Ladders
-----------
Ever wish you could place ladders to go up or down? Well now you can! After you have placed one sturdy ladder left click it with a sturdy ladder in hand, will place it on top of the stack of ladders. The rope ladder works the same way but only placing ladders down.


Engineer's Manual
-----------------

Chute
-----
Chutes are like simple hoppers. They just place what's inside them into an inventory below them.

Work Table
----------
An Upgrade to your basic crafting table which remembers the last nine used recipes. Left click one of the recipes shown in the right-hand side to automatically fill in the crafting grid. Right-click to lock a memorized recipe and prevent a newer recipe from bumping it off. Resources need to go into the internal inventory.

Shelves
-------
The shelf can hold up to 4 different stacks of items and can be used without a GUI. Right-clicking the Shelf with any Block or Item will put it on the shelf. Right clicking an item or block that is on the Shelf will cause that item or block to pop off.

Storage Drawers
---------------
Put your most frequently used items within convenient reach. Right-Click: Insert full stack in hand into drawer. Double-Right-Click: Insert all compatible stacks in inventory into drawer. Left-Click: Remove a single item from the drawer.
Shift+Left-Click: Remove a full stack from the drawer.
Shift+Right-Click with empty hand: Open a UI to see exact item counts and manage applied upgrades.

Locker Mk I
----------
It's like a chest that forms a locker when two are stacked vertically. This will only happen if both are made from the same materials.

Improved Chest Mk I
-------------------
These chests will only form a double chest when both are made from the same materials. They can also be Upgraded.

Size Upgrade Mk II
------------------
Improved Chests and Lockers can be upgraded in place. Craft an size upgrade and right click using the upgrade on the Improved Chest or Locker.

Treated Wood Planks
-------------------

Wooden Storage Crate
--------------------

Wooden Barrel
-------------

Wooden Post
-----------


Engineer's ToolBox
------------------
