Forgotten Magic - Chromaticraft
===============================
Discover the foundations of magic


Chromatic Notes| Info Fragment
------------------------------
Fragments of Chromaticraft Research notes have been scattered in Dungeon Chests.

Task:
 1. Find an Info Fragment

Text:
 1. Once found to read the Info Fragment, you need to place it in your Chromatic Lexicon.
 Shift Right click the Chromatic Lexicon to open the Info Fragment inventory.
 Place your newly found Fragment inside.


Casting Table
-------------
Surely the wooden crafting table is not sufficient to do all your crafting.

Text:
 1. You will need to use a Elemental Manipulator to activate the Casting Table. Once a recipe is set, use it on the Casting table to start the operation.

Elemental Manipulator
---------------------
The manipulator is your first foray into this strange new field of crystal elements and chromatic forces. The tool seems to be your main way of activating blocks, either to start some operation or to change settings on a device. It also seems capable of testing the connectivity of segments of a crystal network, and drawing energy off a pylon into yourself.

Text:
 1. A pylon needs to be active and have had time to build up a charge for you to draw energy off of it.


Crystalline Stone
-----------------
Crystalline Stone is made on the Casting Table. You will need a great amount to fix broken Pylons.


Repair Crystal Pylons
-----------------------
To wield the power of the Chromaticaster you will need to repair the broken Crystal Pylons.
Replace any missing Crystalline Stone blocks.
After you have restored a pylon you will need to examine the ball of glowing power on top of it.


Crystal Hive
------------


Crystal Bees
------------
Can bees live in the darkness of underground caves?

Tasks:
 1.


Loot Chest
----------
Loot Chests like these are found in hidden structures.


Pylon Compass
-------------
The pylon compass scans the energy field that permeates the world and analyzes it to calculate the location of the nearest pylon of each crystal element.


Crafting with Runes
-------------------
To craft with runes you will need to augment the power of your Casting Table, by building a Casting Room. This is a 13 meter square room, and 7 meters tall. In the floor you will place the runes as required. Leave yourself a little space around the Casting Room, there will be need for it when you upgrade.


Crystal Seeds
-------------
Experimentation in Chromaticraft will requires many Crystal Shards. It's far simpler to grow the shards you need, then to hunt for cave crystals.


Tasks:
 1. Have 4 of each seed.

Text:
 1. Crystal Blooms occasionally drop seeds and / or Crystal Shards. It might be best to find a means to automate harvesting them.

Chromatic Bees
--------------
