Forgotten Magic - Witchery Quests
===============
Discover the foundations of magic

Witch's Seeds
-------------
While looking for seeds, you are bound to find Mandrake Seeds, Belladonna Seeds, Snowbell Seeds and Water Artichoke Seeds.

Tasks:
 1. Collect these magic seeds
 2. Collect root and flowers

Text:
 1. Hoe dirt till you find Mandrake Seeds, Belladonna Seeds, Snowbell Seeds and Water Artichoke Seeds.
 2. Wait till it's night to collect your Mandrake roots don't want to wake them.
 

Witch's Cauldron
-----------------
A Witches' Cauldron, is used for brewing interesting potions and spells.

Triggers: Have a cauldron
Parent: Witch's Seeds
Tasks:
 1. Collect ingredients 
 2. Craft Anointing Paste

Text:
 1. Mandrake Seeds, Belladonna Seeds, Snowbell Seeds and Water Artichoke Seeds.
 2. Anointing Paste is made in a Crafting Bench using Mandrake Seeds, Belladonna Seeds, Snowbell Seeds and Water Artichoke Seeds. Then right click it on a vanilla Cauldron to make an Witch's Cauldron. 

So Toasty
---------
A witches oven is able to capture the by-products produced in the cooking process. It can not smelt ores. But does cook food faster.

Parents:
 1. Witch's Seeds
 2. Tin Ore
Tasks:
 1. Craft Witch's Oven


Making Mutandis
---------------
Mutandis is a mutagen that is used by witches and warlocks to mutate plants into other species. Simply use Mutandis on small plants, grass, flowers, saplings, etc. and it will be randomly converted to another plant.

Parents: 
 1. Witch's Cauldron
 2. So Toasty
Tasks:
 1. Brew Mutandis

Text:
 1. Make sure your Witches' Cauldron is full of water and has a heat source under it. Then toss in Mandrake Root, Exhale of the Horned One and an Egg.


Witch Trees?
------------
There are magic trees that do not grew wild in the Overworld. You need to use Mutandis to converted other plants into Rowan, Hawthorn and Alder saplings.

Parent: Making Mutandis
Tasks:
 1. Collect Rowan, Hawthorn and Alder saplings




Nature's Altar
--------------
An altar is a focal point to concentrate the magic present in the surrounding area into single usable source of power. Since witchcraft is a method to harness the power of nature, placing an altar in a location with little or no living things will yield very little magic to work with.

Parent: Witch Trees?
Text:
 1. An altar is created by placing six altar blocks in a 2x3 pattern; you will know it is correct when a red cloth appears over the top of the altar.

Upgrading an Altar
------------------
Certain objects placed onto an altar, will boost the focusing capabilities of an altar, either improving the amount of magic it can focus, and rate at which it replenishes. These are Skull, Torch, 

Parent:
 1. Nature's Altar
Tasks:
 1. Collect a Skull
 2. Craft a Candelabra
 3. Craft a Chalice
Text:
 1. a Mob's Skull will empower a Altar, a Wither Skull does more.. I wonder if a players would have addtional effects.
 2. The candelabra is an upgrade for an altar that improves its recharge rate. The chalice will increase the recharge rate by 2x the base recharge rate. 
 3. The chalice is an upgrade for an altar that improves the maximum amount of power an altar can hold. The chalice will increase the maximum power by 1x the base power rate.


Redstone Soup
-------------
Redstone soup is a base for many things, including infusions. It is made in a kettle.

Parent: Kettle bubbling trouble
Tasks:
 1. Brew Redstone Soup
Text:
 1. Into the kettle, throw Redstone, Drop of Luck, Wool of Bat, Tongue of Dog, Belladonna and Mandrake Root.


Filled Chalice
--------------
The filled chalice is an upgrade for an altar that improves the maximum amount of power an altar can hold. The chalice will increase the maximum power by 2x the base power rate.

Parent:
 1. Upgrading an Altar
 2. Redstone Soup
Tasks:
 1. Craft Filled Chalice
Text:
 1. Crafted with a Chalice and Redstone Soup.


Attuned Stone
-------------
Attuned stones are used to link wichery devices to natures power. They can also store that power for use away from an Altar.

Parents:
 1. Nature's Altar
 2. Iron Ore
Tasks:
 1. Craft an Attuned stone

Distillery
----------
A distillery used by a witch is a construct used for distilling magical ingredients. It is unlike a normal distillery, because it heats itself using energy obtained from a nearby altar, the distillery must be within 14 meters of an altar to draw power from it.

Parent: Attuned Stone
Tasks:
 1. Craft a Distillery
 2. Craft a book

Text:
 1. All of the distillery recipes can be found in the book, Witchcraft: Distilling.


Circle of power
---------------
Powerful magic have be cast using a circle of Ritual Chalk.

Parents:
 1. Nature's Altar
 2. Distillery
Tasks:
 1. Craft Ritual chalk
 2. make Golden chalk
 3. Craft a book

Text:
 2. Golden chalk made in a witches' cauldron using mandrake root, a gold nugget and ritual chalk. Golden chalk is used to draw the heart glyph at the center of a ritual circle. It has no other uses. Use the chalk on the ground to draw the glyph.
 1. The book, Witchcraft: Circle Magic, describes all of the rites that may be performed by a witch using magic circles. Each page in the book describes the rite, the foci items, power and circles that are needed.


Kettle bubbling trouble
-----------------------
To be a proper Witch you are going to need a Kettle to brew in. A kettle must be placed with in 14 meters of an Altar for it to receive natures power. A decanting golem can keep a Kettle full of water.

Parents: Attuned Stone
Tasks:
 1. Craft a Kettle
 2. Craft a book

Text:
 1. To use your kettle, it must be set up in the correct way. Firstly, a fire must be set under the it. Next the kettle must be filled with water. A bucket will do. Thirdly, the ingredients for the brew must be thrown into the kettle (the liquid will change color according to the recipe being used). Finally, a glass bottle must be used on the kettle to bottle the resulting brew. It is important to keep the fire going constantly while the recipe is being prepared, otherwise it will be ruined.
 2. The book Witchcraft: Brews & Infusions, describes all of the recipes that may be created by a witch using a kettle. Each page in the book describes the brew or infusion, the recipe and power that are needed.


Spinning for Gold
------------------
A Spinning Wheel is a device for spinning materials into thread. It is a magical device that draws power from a nearby Altar. 

Parents: 
 1. Attuned Stone
 2. Distillery
Tasks:
 1. Craft a Spinning Wheel
 2. Make Golden Thread

Text:
 2. In the spinning wheel, place a Hay Bale and Whiff of Magic. Golden Thread can be smelted in a furnace to make a Gold Nugget.


Like a vertical escalator
-------------------------
Once you have placed this block down. Stand on it and jump to be transported to the next floor. Crouch to go down a floor.

Parents:
 1. Distillery
 2. Ender forest
Tasks:
 1. Craft 2 Elevators

The Brew of Love
----------------

Parents:
 1. Kettle bubbling trouble
 2. Iron Bucket
 3. Distillery

Purified Milk
-------------
Purified Milk is an antidote in a similar way to normal milk, although it only has a chance of working and will only remove a single status effect. It is advantageous because it can stack to 64 items.

Parents: 
 1. Iron Bucket
 2. So Toasty
Task:
 1. Craft a Purified Milk

Brew of Love
------------
The Brew of Love is a throwable potion that causes farm animals and villagers to get their luvin' on. When used on animals the effect is the same as if all hit animals were fed and their breeding cooldown is reset.

Parents:
 1. Kettle bubbling trouble
 1. So Toasty
Tasks:
 1. Make Bew of Love

Enter the Dream
---------------
Brew of Sleeping is the normal way for a Witch to enter the Spirit World. Needless to say an unprepared witch will almost always experience a nightmare when the head to the spirit world this way. The witch must drink the brew and they will fall into a deep sleep, leaving their body and items behind and entering the world of spirits.

Parents:
 1. Brew of Love
 2. Purified Milk
 3. Distillery

Tasks:
 1. Make Brew of Sleeping
 2. Drink goto the Spirit World

Text:
 1. Into a kettle, throw Purified Milk, a Cookie, a Brew of Love, Whiff of Magic, an Icy Needle and a Water Artichoke Globe.

Riding the Nightmare
-------------
The spirit world is an alternate reality that mirrors the Overworld in topography. When a witch enters the Spirit World they will either experience a Dream or a Nightmare. The world will change depending on the state of the dreamers, if all have nice dreams the world will be daytime, if any have a nightmare it will be night time. Visitors experiencing a nightmare will additionally be chased by a phyiscal embodiment of their Nightmare. You will always return from the Spirit World when you die (without consequence), you may also return earlier by using an Icy Needle.

Parents:
 1. Enter the Dream
 
Tasks:
 1. Collect Disturbed Cotton 

Text:
 1. If Wispy Cotton is harvested when someone is having a nightmare, Disturbed Cotton will be dropped instead. Gear from the spirit world will stay there, being replaced by the witches normal gear when they awaken. Only Icy Needles and Wispy Cotton be taken.

Dodging Wild Horses
-------------------
You can use a Dream Weaver of Nightmares to fend off nightmares when a Brew of Sleeping is drunk. It's will have a detrimental effect in all other kinds of sleep. Having the Dream Weaver nearby will reduce the chance of a nightmare to 50%.

Parent: 
 1. Riding the Nightmare
 2. Spinning Wheel
 3. Diamond Vapor
Tasks: 
 1. Make Tormented Twine
 2. Dream Weaver of Nightmares
Text:
 1. Tormented Twine is spun in a Spinning Wheel from Disturbed Cotton, String and Reek of Misfortune.


Wispy Cotton
------------
You will need to reenter Spirit World till you get a Dream. You will know it's a Dream because it will be daylight. Now when you harvest Wispy Cotton, you will get the full plant.

Having planted Wispy Cotton nearby when using a Brew of Sleeping near to a Dream Weaver of Nightmares will further reduce the chance of a nightmare by 10% for each cotton plant (up to 2).

Parent: Riding the Nightmare
Tasks:
 1. Collect Wispy Cotton


Dream Weavers
-------------
To make Dream Weavers will need to Spin your Wispy Cotton into Fanciful Thread.

Parent: 
 1. Wispy Cotton
 2. Spinning Wheel
 2. Diamond Vapor
Tasks:
 1. Spin Fanciful Thread
 2. Craft Dream Weaver of Fleet Foot
 3. Craft Dream Weaver of Iron Arm
Text:
 1. Fanciful Thread is spun from Wispy Cotton, String and Odour of Purity.
 2. The Dream Weaver of Fleet Foot will add a speed boost to a player when they wake up from a good nights sleep.
 3. The Dream Weaver of Iron Arm will add a mining speed boost to a player when they wake up from a good nights sleep.
 


Marry Poppets
-------------
In witchcraft, a poppet is a substitute for the a person. A sympathetic link is made that transfers protection to the linked person. In most cases the doll will suffer in person's place.
 
Parents:
 1. Making Mutandis
Tasks:
 1. Collect Spanish Moss
 2. Craft a poppet and Taglocks

Text:
 1. Use Mutandis to transform a plant into Spanish Moss, you will need to collect it with shears.
 2. Use the Taglock on a bed you have slept in to get your Taglock.
 
Protection from the Elements
----------------------------
Poppets offer Protection from many dangers. Remember you must have it in your inventory for it to Protect you.

Earth Protection Poppet	Avoid death from falling
Water Protection Poppet	Avoid death from drowning
Fire Protection Poppet	Avoid death from burning
Hunger Protection Poppet	Avoid death from starvation

Parent: Marry Poppets
Tasks:
 1. Craft Earth Protection Poppet
 2. 

Text:
 1. 

Protection for your Stuff
-------------------------
Tool Protection Poppet	
Armor Protection Poppet

Parent: Marry Poppets

Death can't stop you
--------------------
Death Protection Poppet

Parents:
 1. Marry Poppets
 2. Refined Evil
 2. Diamond Ore


Dolly Shelf
-----------
The poppet shelf overcomes the limitation that protection poppets must be held in the bound players inventory. This alone makes the object especially powerful, because there is now no limit to how many protection poppets that can be active for a player, and there is no longer an inconvenience that the poppets fill valuable inventory space. Poppet shelves will function across dimensions.

Parents:
 1. Protection from the Elements
 2. Attuned Stone
 3. Nether Portal
Task:
 1. Craft poppet shelf
