
Forgotten Magic
===============

Discover the foundations of magic


Ender Forest
------------
Past Explorers found Forest where Ender Men gathered in great numbers.
There are resources that can only be found there.


Tasks:
 1. Collect Energetic Essence
 2. Collect Motive Dust

Text:
 1. Energetic Essence is dropped by some kind of Clover.
 2. Motive Dust is dropped by a flower favored by Ender Men.


Berries So high
----------------
Found atop of the Jungle Canopy these berries give off an odd aura.

Task:
 1. Collect Ether Berries

Reeds of the Void
-----------------
Found in eerie and damp places.

Task:
 1. Collect

Frozen flowers
--------------
Found in cold empty places.

Task:
 1. Collect

Crazy Ivy
---------
Found on cliff faces.

Task:
 1. Collect

Trees of Every Color
--------------------

Tasks:
 1. Collect a sapling of each Chromatic Tree
 2. Collect a berry of each Chromatic Tree





Portal of the Twilight Forest
-----------------------------
There is a mound not far from where you entered the Overworld, under this is a portal to a realm bathed in Twilight.
It is said that the Chromaticaster left many clues to his art in that realm.
To unlock it, you must pay the toll.

Tasks:
 1. Pay Toll in Gold Coins
 2. Making an Offering
 3. Down the Rabbit Hole

Text:
 1. You will find Gold Coins in bags carried by knights and clerics of the Crimson Cult.
 2. These items of Magic will unlock the portal.
 3. Jump in the portal



Enchanting Table
----------------

Parent: Forgotten Magic - Witchery - Attuned Stone
Tasks:
 1. Craft alluring stone
 2.

Disenchanting Table
-----------------


Division Sigil
--------------

Lesser Builders Wand
--------------------

Demi-Builders Wand
------------------


Basic Similsax Transtructor
---------------------------


Advanced Similsax Transtructor
------------------------------

Magical Trees
-------------
Magic manifests in nature in a multitudinous of forms.
Collect samples from these trees.

Tasks:
 1. Collect Berries
 2. Collect Logs


Magnanimous Trees
-----------------
A very rare Tree. In their core a gem of great power grows.


Magnanimous Tools
-----------------
Magnanimous Tools are superior to Steel tools, with very good enchantability.
To make them first craft a tool head, and a hardened Handle, then combine them in an anvil.
This will require some XP. Oddly these tools can not be repaired on an anvil.
