Oddyssey Of Bronze
==================
You have passed the first test, making bronze. Greater challenges are ahead. You will need to start building machines generating Redsone Flux power.  



Bronze Pickaxe
--------------
Bronze is far more durable then Flint and Stone. Tools made from bronze have the same enchantability as Copper Tools, but are faster and deal more damage.


Bronze Hammer
-------------
This Bronze hammer will serve you well. It is far stronger then Stone.


Tasks:
 1. Craft Bronze Pickaxe

Gold
----
You will find Gold Ore around height 16, ±16 meters. Small mother lodes with 2-4 long narrow horizontal veins. Rarer and shorter than iron veins.

Redstone
--------
You will find RedStone Ore in Isolated vertical veins, starting at height 64-70 and running straight downward for about 35 blocks. Fairly common, 3x more common in Deserts Biomes.

Iron
----
You will find Iron Ore around height 32, ±32 meters. Large mother lodes with 2-4 long narrow horizontal veins.



Magnetite Ore
-------------
Lodestone are found by mining Magnetite Ore. Lodestones have a weak magnetic field.
Then are used to craft Redstone Flux generators and other machines.

Engineering your Future
-----------------------

An Engineer's Hammer is used to crush ores into dust. It is also used to complete some multiblock structures. Perhaps you should consult the manual.


Tasks:
 1. Craft an Engineer's Hammer


Coke Oven
---------
A Coke oven is used to make Coal Coke, and Creosote Oil. Coal Coke will burn for twice as long as Coal. Creosote Oil is used to treat wood.

To Build the Coke Oven, place 27 of the Coke Bricks in a 3x3x4 cube then right-click one of the sides' center block with an Engineer's Hammer. Refer to the Engineer's Manual for more information.  

Tasks:
 1. Craft Coke Bricks


Time to use that education ( making bronze)
--------------------------


Infused Stone
-------------
Thaumaturgy teaches that there are aspects of magic. These aspects can infuse stone. Thaumaturges place high value on these stones often using machines to get greater yield.

Large veins filled very lightly with ore. No Mother loads. Because they contain less ore per volume, these veins are relatively wide and long.


Air Infused Stone is more common in Plains.
Water Infused Stone is more common in Swamp and Water Biomes.
Fire Infused Stone is more common in Deserts.

Earth Infused Stone is more common in Forest.
Order Infused Stone is more common in Mushroom, Mountain and Magical Biomes.
Entropy Infused Stone is more common in Swamp and Wasteland.


Bridge Builder
-------------
Given a redstone signal the Bridge Builder will place up to 16 blocks in it's inventory in the world. If the redstone signal is turned off, it will pick up those blocks.

Ladder Dispenser
----------------
Given a redstone signal the Ladder Dispenser will place ether Sturdy Ladders or Rope Ladders.


Redstone Engine
---------------
Redstone engines are used to give weak charge to buildcraft autocrafters and wooden pipes. Like the other engines, the redstone engine can be turned on and off using a redstone signal, and requires an active signal in order to activate.


Automatic Crafting Table
------------------------

Piping Item around
------------------

Fluid Pipes
-----------


Kinesis Pipes
-------------
Kinesis pipes are the first means of moving Redstone flux from Generators to machines.


Hobbyist's Steam Engine
-----------------------
This basic Steam Engine has it's own internal boiler that can run on a wide variety of solid fuels and can output up to 16 RF/t.

Squeezer
--------
The Squeezer is a machine that is tasked with squeezing liquids from items. For example, you can squeeze Honey Drops into Liquid Honey.


Scoop
-----
Once you have found a hive in the world, you will require a Scoop to collect any bees that may live within. Any other tool will cause the bees to escape, and you will be left honeyless.

Centrifuge
----------
A Centrifuge is a machine that is tasked with the extraction of bee products from their honey combs.


Bee House
---------
The Bee House is the “basic” tier of shelter for your bees. It has several limitations, including not accepting any frames and not being able to connect to any kind of pipes or similar. It is also impossible for bees to mutate to new species in it. It will however elongate the lifespan of your bees and increase their pollination speeds quite drastically.


Grafter
-------
The grafter will significantly increase your chance at a sapling drop when used on leaves. However it has very low durablity; there must be means of fixing that.


Bee Frames
----------
Frame are used to modify the behavior of your bee's living in an apiary.

Text:
 1. Untreated Frame are cheep to make. Production is increases by 20% but has poor durability.
 2. Impregnated Frame increases production by 20% and has average durability.
 3. The Chocolate Frame increases production by 15% at the expense of lifespan - it is very useful to speed up generational turnover of hives while perfecting a lineage.
 4. Healing Frames prolong lifespan +50% and reduce mutation rate at the expense of production x0.75.

Apiary
------
The Apiary is the second tier of shelter for your bees. It has space for three frames.


Lumber Mill
-----------
The Lumbermill is a machines that when given water, and Logs will cut those into 6 planks. Sometimes Saw Dust will also be created.

Distillery
----------


Woodworker
----------


Carpenter
---------
The Carpenter is a machine that combines items with a liquid to craft it.
For example seed oil and logs makes Impregnated Sticks. Those are used in some recipes related to bees.
Another is water and Saw Dust makes paper.


Carpenter's Blocks
------------------
These are made in the Carpenter with Creosote Oil.

Chalcedony
----------
Chalcedony is made by Smelting a block of flint.

Chalcedony Tool
---------------
Tools can be made of Chalcedony are superior to Flint. However Copper tools more then double the durability. Althought Chalcedony is sharper then Copper.


Tasks:
 1. Craft Pruning shears.

Text:
 1. Pruning shears are a tool to assist in the harvest of the crop. It will harvest some crops in a 3x3 area.


Slot Panel
----------
Slot Panels are used to fill the empty slots of the jaw crusher, or Food Proccesser. This assists with automating those matchines.


Food Proccesser
---------------
Food processor replaces the grater.


Jaw Crusher
-----------
Ores Procced by the Jaw Crusher will give double the output.
