The Neglected Land
==================
A land trapped in Twilight


Rules of the Forest
-------------------
A curse have been placed on this land. Straying outside of the forest without out a protective charm will cause negative effects. Kill a Naga to progress to the next area.

Tasks:
 2. Kill the Naga

Text:
 2. The Naga is a large snake-like creature, it can be found in the Naga Courtyard. If it is not attacked for a while it will begin to heal itself.


Twilight Hunter and Explorer
----------------------------
To find your way around the Twilight Forest, you will need a magical map.


Tasks:
 1. To Kill a Raven
 2. Craft a Map

Text:
 1. Jump in the portal
 2. You will need a Raven's feather and a Torchberry to make a Magic Map Focus.
 Torchberries are fairly commonly found underground in the Twilight Forest.


Twilight Lich
-------------
As you Explorer the Forest you will find towers guarded by magical field. Once you have defeated a Naga you can enter.
At the very top of this tower is the Twilight Lich. You must defeat him to enter the swamp.


Tasks:
 1. Kill Twilight Lich



The Labyrinth
-------------
In small hills found throughout the Swamp hold Labyrinths. You will need to explore a Labyrinth before you can the fire swamp.

Parent: Twilight Lich
Tasks:
 1. Kill Minoshroom
 
 
Hydra
-----
The Hydra can be found in the Hydra Lair in the middle of a Fire Swamp. Killing it and obtaining Fiery Blood from it will allow you to enter the Dark Forest.

Parent: The Labyrinth
Tasks:
 1. Kill a Hydra
 
 
Party in a Goblin Night
-------------------------
Underneath the Dark Forests you will fine Goblin Knight Strongholds. You must find a room with a Trophy Pedestal. On the pedestal place a trophy from one of the previous bosses. Once this is done, the shield around the stronghold will be removed.

Parent: Hydra
Tasks: 
 1. Knight Phantom
 
 
A Tower Darkly
--------------
The middle of the Dark Forest, a Tower Stands. You must charge to the top of this tower and defeat what you find there. Only then can you enter the Snowy Forest.

Parent: Party in a Goblin Night
Tasks:
 1. Ur-ghast
 

Yeti another quest
------------------
in the center of Snowy Forest is the Yeti Lair. Defeat the strongest Yeti there and take his Fur. With that Fur you will be able to travel on the Glacier and not freeze.

Parent: A Tower Darkly
Tasks:
 1. Alpha Yeti
 
 
Ice Tower
---------
High atop the Glacier is a Ice Tower; scale the tower and defeat the Snow Queen.

Parent: Yeti another quest
Tasks:
 1. Snow Queen
 
 
