The Deep Dark
=============
Covers quests in the deep dark. Is Opened by ??? Best place to find rare ores, like AE Quartz, and Platinum.


A realm far below the void
--------------------------

Trigger:
Parents:
Tasks:
 1. Craft a portal to the Deep Dark
 2. Go to the Deep Dark.


Dangers of the Dark
-------------------
Light is vital in the Deep Dark; spending too long in the darkness will leave you as prey for the Shadows, which attack in half-heart ticks. Invisible, the Shadows can prove deadly if you are carelessly exploring, or run off into the dark to avoid attack. Fortunately, light keeps the Shadows at bay. 

The Deep Dark consists of 5 basic "Layers"; A smooth bedrock ceiling at level 256, solid stone with various ore between level 255 and 138 a large cavern area between level 137 and 82, a cave system down to level 1, and then the Void.

Beware there are holes to the void, pray that nothing notices your presence this deep..

Parent: A realm far below the void
Tasks:
 1. Collect Certus Quartz Ore
 2. Collect Platinum Ore
 3. Collect Sky Stone

Text:
 1. Clusters of Charged Certus Quartz are commonly found in the Deep Dark 
 2. Geodes of abyssal stone filled with silverfish and Ores
 3. Oddly an occasional cache of Ores and Sky Stone can be found

Need more Light
---------------
In this realm of darkness Torches will not protect you completely, monsters will spawn at all light levels. However there are other means of preventing their spawning.

Parent: A realm far below the void
Tasks:
 1. Craft a Chandelier
 2. Craft a Magnum torch
 
 
The Void Kills
--------------
By now you have meet with the Void monster

Tasks:

