Odyssey of Steel
================
With your rediscovery of steel, it's time to expand your industry, and automation.
Using Steel tools you can how harvest most blocks.







Iron Hammer
-----------
An Iron Hammer is even stronger then Bronze. While Bronze is more receptive to enchantments.

Nickel Hammer
-------------
Nickel is less durable then Iron but far more then Bronze.
It's enchantability exceeds Bronze and Iron, but is less then Gold, Platinum and magically enhanced materials.


Steel Hammer
------------
Steel has excellent durability. Only Platinum and Tools fortified with Diamond exceeds it.
However Steel has poor receptivity to enchantments.


HSLA Steel Hammer
-----------------
HSLA Steel is a strengthened variant of Steel. However it does less damage then steel.











Engineering your Future
-----------------------

An Engineer's Hammer is used to crush ores into dust. It is also used to complete some multiblock structures. Perhaps you should consult the manual.


Tasks:
 1. Craft an Engineer's Hammer


Coke Oven
---------
A Coke oven is used to make Coal Coke, and Creosote Oil. Coal Coke will burn for twice as long as Coal. Creosote Oil is used to treat wood.

To Build the Coke Oven, place 27 of the Coke Bricks in a 3x3x4 cube then right-click one of the sides' center block with an Engineer's Hammer. Refer to the Engineer's Manual for more information.  

Tasks:
 1. Craft Coke Bricks


Time to use that education ( making bronze)
--------------------------



Iron Tools
----------
Iron Tools are more durable then Bronze. While Bronze is more receptive to enchantments.


Diving into the Abyss
---------------------

To make bricks that can withstand intense heat. You will need to dive the the bottom the an ocean. There you will find round geodes of dark stone.


Mortar for the bricks
---------------------

Tasks:
 1. Mine sulfer
 2. Mix Bryntienere Morter


Crude Blast Furnace
-------------------
The Crude Blast Furnace is used to make steel.
To form a Blast Furnace arrange 27 Blast Bricks in a 3x3x3 cube, and right-click one of the side's center blocks with the Engineer's Hammer. Refer to the Engineer's Manual for more information.


Steel Tools
-----------
Steel has excellent durability. Only Platinum and Tools fortified with Diamond exceeds it.
However Steel has poor receptivity to enchantments.


Platinum Tools
--------------
